hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
Alienware laptops have been around for a
while they're not only a little bit
bigger a little bit thicker
I'm a little bit heavier than other
gaming laptops out there but recently
they announced the m15 this is their
first thin and light gaming laptop which
kind of goes in the opposite direction
of everything I know about alien work
but they've also done something really
impressive this year that I didn't think
they'd be able to do they have good
thermals in this thin and light laptop
so here it is this is alien Wars new
15-inch thin and light gaming laptop and
I put a picture of this up on Twitter
and a lot of you guys were asking does
this have the same kind of build quality
and durability as their regular
Alienware laptops because that's what
Alienware has been known for over these
years really good build quality really
tanky laptops and is this as well built
is this still a tank structurally I'm
gonna say yes it's not super thin if
you're compared to stuff like the GS 65
or an arrow 15 or a razorblade
those are thinner this isn't crazy thin
but it's significantly thinner than
their previous generation and if you
look at the build quality across the
chassis this thing feels completely
different from those other devices
there's no flex on the chassis the hinge
is really well built the top panel has
the same kind of finish as a previous
generation with the light-up Alienware
head logo the inside has this soft touch
material but it feels a little bit
different this year than it did in
previous generation this actually feels
like it'll last longer it reminds me of
the stuff that you see on the higher-end
lenovo laptops it feels like it won't
degrade over time the bottom panel is
also metal and I mean like a solid metal
this is like it's it's legit this is the
type of stuff you've seen really
well-built laptops it's not like thin
aluminum that can flex easily it's built
like an alien where it feels like an
alien where it's a tank the technical
specs are solid as a 20-18 gaming laptop
it has great components they basically
took their alien or 15 and fit it into
this thinner and lighter package it's
running to nvme drives on this unit fast
ones good port selection including their
graphics ant port for their external GPU
but it can also use Thunderbolt 3 if you
want there's a power connection and
video outputs in the back which I kind
of like and then your use be Ethernet
and audio jacks are on the side there's
still no SD card slot though if you're
looking for one okay keyboard is quite
different this year the previous
generation of Alienware laptops had a
very plush keyboard the m15 has a
chiclet keyboard I've you
see so much that I'm very comfortable on
them for typing and gaming there's a
number pad on the side for people who
want them the keystrokes on this
keyboard isn't as deep as a previous
generation the travel is a little bit
shorter but it is a very comfortable
keyboard I think most people can get
used to this quite easily the trackpad
is also a little bit different this year
the previous generation had a light-up
surface those are gone this is more of a
traditional kind of generic looking
trackpad it is a nice one it's a glass
surface kind of good tracking precision
drivers which is great but the keyboard
and the track but feel a little more
generic to me not that they're bad
they're actually quite good it's just
visually they don't look as iconic as
the previous Alienware input devices the
lighting on this keyboard is also in
zones still not individually lit all
right the metal panel on the bottom
comes off easily and inside you have
access to two RAM slots to nvme drives
the Wi-Fi card this is a killer 1550
it's Intel based but you can replace it
if you want and you can also see the 90
watt hour battery so this battery is the
extended battery there's a smaller 60
watt hour battery this unit is getting
around 6 hours of battery life with the
screen at 250 nights now keep in mind
this is with the 4k panel the lower res
screens will probably do better the
speakers are located on the side and the
bottom very clean audio loud volume and
they have good stereo separation the
screen on the m15 has smaller bezels
this time around so Alienware laptop so
you should have really thick bezels it's
improved the side bezels are definitely
thinner top and bottom bezel ZAR still a
bit thick but the material that they use
around the bezel on this thing is this
glossy plastic and I really don't like
seeing this material on laptops it's
just a material that can scratch really
easily and over time this material can
look really worn I just wish they've
gone with a standard matte plastic for
the bezel the webcam is up top and the
image looks pretty clean so this panel
is a 4k panel its color accurate and
bright there is a hundred forty-four
Hertz panel available if you want that
the 4k panel is great for creative work
but if you're gaming I'd go for that
higher refresh so gaming performance on
this device is excellent there's nothing
new six core i7 gtx 1070 max-q
great device for playing basically any
title at 1080p if you do get this
configuration though I highly recommend
picking up that 144 Hertz panel high
refresh screens really showcased this
generation of hardware better and it
just makes the whole gaming experience
that much more enjoyable ok let's talk
about thermals when they first announced
the m5
Dean I kind of expect this laptop to
have mediocre thermal performance and
it's not because I dislike the bran or
anything as much praises I've I've been
getting Alienware over the years for
like great build quality and durability
they have struggled with thermal issues
in the past a lot of their laptops just
run a little bit hotter than I'd like
them to this device somehow has great
thermals it benchmarks well there's no
throttling even on stress tests this
thing runs really well fan noise is not
even that loud on idle it's actually
silent so they've obviously spent a good
amount of time engineering a much
improved thermal solution for this
particular device but the question that
pops into my head is how are they doing
this on this like if they can make a
laptop this thin this light
cooled this effectively why aren't they
doing this on their other laptops as
well like the regular 15-inch and the
regular 17-inch and the regular 13-inch
they should have way better thermals
considering how much more room they have
in those devices than this so it's great
that Alienware did this and I love that
they're actually taking care of their
thermals that that's something that's
bothered a lot of people about the
device over the years and they finally
fixed it they did it on a thin light
device so if they take this technology
and they bring it to their other devices
that'll be awesome but the m15 by itself
really impressed me I think some of it
has to do with the ventilation up top
like this is the first time we've seen
ventilation coming up through the top of
the keyboard on an alienware and it
seems to help it also looks pretty cool
up there so my overall take on this
laptop I like it I feel like they did a
really good job on a refresh it's got
most of the DNA that we'd expect from
Alienware devices it doesn't have the
light-up side stuff on the RGB things
and we don't have the light-up trackpad
but the overall device has all the good
stuff all the important good stuff from
Alienware devices it's built really well
good performance and it looks a lot
better this year okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time